README.md, before:

# Beep boop Friday project!




#### Created by :

Jeremy Miller 
<Gkstaff@Gmail.com>

## Languages and tools used

* _HTML_
* _CSS_
* _Jquery_
* _Photoshop CC_


## Description 

Welcome to my second Friday Project! I hope you enjoy your stay :)


Check out my page and repos here:

https://github.com/zwabbe


## Setup/Installation 

To use the website simply just input a number and see what results pop out!!


If you wish to make changes to the project then follow these steps: 

* Clone the repo from this link: https://github.com/zwabbe/Beepboop.git

* If you just wish to view the site then open the index.html file!

 * If you wish to edit the scripts or styles for the page the then I suggest using downloading VScode! Or just using your favorite text editor! :)


## Known bugs / Issues

* In cases where console becomes self aware please unplug from the internet and shut down your device. 


## Specifications
```
Describe: checkNumber()

Test: It should return an array of values to the length of user input.
Expect: (robogersInput(5).toEqual([0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5]));

Test: On each loop it will check for  1, 2, or 3 and converts them to new string.
Expect: checkNumber[1].toString(Boop)  and  checkNumber[2].toString(Beep) 
and checkNumber[3].toString("Wont you be my neighbor")

Test: check for 13, 21, and 31 exceptions and convert those to  chosen strings.
Expect checkNumber[13].toString(Boop)  and  checkNumber[21].toString(Beep) 
and checkNumber[31].toString("Wont you be my neighbor")

Test: Once those numbers have been converted on loop to then push the results to the output field
Expect checkNumber[0,beep, boop, Wont you be my neighbor, 5.... so on


```

## License 

You have my full permission to use and edit this website to your own liking and use it in personal projects. I ask that you at least credit me in the code or footer. 

## Contact information

If you have any questions or concerns shoot me an [Email](mailto:gkstaff@gmail.com) ! Or shoot me a message through Discord:Zwabbe@7788.

Commit message:

updated with review in mind.

README.md, after:

# Beep boop Friday project!




#### Created by :

Jeremy Miller 
<Gkstaff@Gmail.com>

## Languages and tools used

* _HTML_
* _CSS_
* _Jquery_
* _Photoshop CC_


## Description 

Welcome to my second Friday Project! I hope you enjoy your stay :)


Check out my page and repos here:

https://github.com/zwabbe


## Setup/Installation 

To use the website simply just input a number and see what results pop out!!


If you wish to make changes to the project then follow these steps: 

* Clone the repo from this link: https://github.com/zwabbe/Beepboop.git

* If you just wish to view the site then open the index.html file!

 * If you wish to edit the scripts or styles for the page the then I suggest using downloading VScode! Or just using your favorite text editor! :)


## Known bugs / Issues

* In cases where console becomes self aware please unplug from the internet and shut down your device. 


## Specifications
```
Describe: arrayCreator()

Test: It should return an create an array of values to the length of user input. And converts them to a string while looping. 
Expect: (arrayCreator(5).toEqual(["0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5"]));

Test : Take the array and split it into seperate strings inside the array
expect: (arrayCreator(5).toEqual(["0","1","2","3","4","5"])


Test: Check stringed array to see if the array has any numbers with 3 in them and converts it to "Will you be my neighbor?"
expect  (arrayCreator(5).toEqual(["0", "1", "2", "Will you be my neighbor?", "4", "5"....9, 10, 11, 12, "Will you be me neighbor?"]));

Test: Check stringed array to see if the array has any numbers with 2 in them and converts it to "Boop!"
expect  (arrayCreator(5).toEqual(["0", "1", "Boop!", "Will you be my neighbor?", "4", "5"....9, 10, 11, Boop!, "Will you be...",]));

Test: Check stringed array to see if the array has any numbers with 1 in them and converts it to "Beep!"
expect  (arrayCreator(5).toEqual(["0", "Beep", "Boop!", "Will you be my neighbor", "4", "5" ..."9", "Beep", "Boop", "Will you be...",]));



```

## License 

You have my full permission to use and edit this website to your own liking and use it in personal projects. I ask that you at least credit me in the code or footer. 

## Contact information

If you have any questions or concerns shoot me an [Email](mailto:gkstaff@gmail.com) ! Or shoot me a message through Discord:Zwabbe@7788.
